# Social Posting to BlueSky

Python module for posting positive stories about an individual or company.
Utilizes the stream of uploaded data from DynamoDB Streams containing enriched data generated by the pipeline.

## Overview
**bluesky_functions.py** - Core functions for connecting to and interacting with the BlueSky API.

**social_posting_lambda.py** - AWS Lambda handler which executes the functions of bluesky_functions.py in a format suitable for AWS Lambda functions, validating the incoming stream for posting suitability.

## Using BlueSky

Please ensure you have a Bluesky account, or create one if your don't.

**Setting your positive post target**
- Go to your profile.
- Edit profile.
- Enter into your description and enter in the full name of the person or company which you
  want to share positive stories about.

**Generating app password**
- You will need to generate an app password to be able to interact with the BlueSky API.
- Go to settings in Bluesky.
- Go to privacy and security.
- Open app passwords.
- Add new password with a name of your choice.
- Copy your App password this is important and will need to be added to your AWS Secrets.

## Secrets Manager

The Social posting script utilizes the BlueSky API to post and read the contents of the users description. Ensure you store your sensitive data properly.
- Upload an your user handle to AWS Secrets Manager. Use the Secret key value: **"BLUESKY_APP_PASSWORD"**
- Upload an your app password to AWS Secrets Manager. Use the Secret key value: **"BLUESKY_HANDLE"**

## Docker Build & ECR Upload

Build the image:
```bash
docker buildx build -t c23-smearbot-blue-sky-poster:latest --provenance=false --platform="linux/amd64" .
```

Tag and push to ECR:
```bash
# Login to ECR
aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-west-2 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin <ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com

# Tag image for ECR
docker tag c23-smearbot-blue-sky-poster:latest <ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/c23-smearbot-blue-sky-poster:latest

# Push to repository
docker push <ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/c23-smearbot-blue-sky-poster:latest
```
